Alerting: Remove message from PagerDuty summary field (#24813)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/notifications.md

Setting | Description
---------- | -----------
Integration Key | Integration key for PagerDuty.
Severity | Level for dynamic notifications, default is `critical` (1)
Auto resolve incidents | Resolve incidents in PagerDuty once the alert goes back to ok
Message in details | Removes the Alert message from the PD summary field and puts it into custom details instead (2)

> **Note (1):** The tags `Severity`, `Class`, `Group`, and `Component` have special meaning in the [Pagerduty Common Event Format - PD-CEF](https://support.pagerduty.com/docs/pd-cef). If an alert panel defines these tag keys, then they are transposed to the root of the event sent to Pagerduty. This means they will be available within the Pagerduty UI and Filtering tools. A Severity tag set on an alert overrides the global Severity set on the notification channel if it's a valid level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The tags `Severity`, `Class`, `Group`, and `Component` have special meaning in the [Pagerduty Common Event Format - PD-CEF](https://support.pagerduty.com/docs/pd-cef). If an alert panel defines these tag keys, then they are transposed to the root of the event sent to Pagerduty. This means they will be available within the Pagerduty UI and Filtering tools. A Severity tag set on an alert overrides the global Severity set on the notification channel if it's a valid level.
```

> **Note (2):** Using Message In Details will change the structure of the `custom_details` field in the PagerDuty Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Using Message In Details will change the structure of the `custom_details` field in the PagerDuty Event.
```

> This may break any custom event rules in your PagerDuty rules if you rely on the fields in `payload.custom_details`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This might break custom event rules in your PagerDuty rules if you rely on the fields in `payload.custom_details`.
```

Move any existing rules using `custom_details.myMetric` to `custom_details.queries.myMetric`.

> This behaviour will become the default in a future version of Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior will become the default in a future version of Grafana.
```
